三个机会分别来自于独角兽平台，上市公司和外企，工作节奏，文化，技术氛围和发展待遇各有亮点，有意向了解的小伙伴通过下面联系方式私聊哈

质量负责人-广告系统平台
职位描述
1、广告系统核心业务质量负责人；
2、负责广告核心业务质量体系的建立；
3、负责项目迭代和问题推进解决；
4、调研前沿测试技术，提升测试效率，更好的保障业务；
5、较强的产品意识，能在项目过程中提出并推送实施好的产品解决方案。
职位要求
1、性格开朗，善于沟通和事务推进；
2、有良好的程序开发语言基础：python/go/java；
3、熟悉web服务开发测试流程；
4、扎实的计算机基础，能熟练操作数据库、脚本开发，熟悉常用设计模式；
5、有白盒测试，接口测试，服务端测试者优先；
6、有持续集成方面经验者优先；
7、有带团队经验优先。

keypoint: 挑大梁，测开背景，复杂或大型测试经历，hands on能力，带人经验（项目/管理）



资深测试开发工程师/leader（移动端）
工作职责：
1、建设移动端的测试技术栈与工具链，例如：性能、耗电、卡顿、弱网、异常注入、代码扫描、崩溃分析。
2、推动移动端的测试方法升级，引入工具，自动化测试。
3、指导手工测试人员，改变工作模式，使用工具，提升效率。
职位要求：
1、具备移动端测试自动化的成功实践经验。
2、具备良好的代码功底，具备全面的移动端测试技术，对该领域的发展保持密切关注
3、良好的沟通协作能力，能有效指导和推动测试技术方案在团队落地。

keypoint: 移动端测试，大厂背景，hands on能力，年轻高潜



Principal QA Engineer
Who we are:
Product Engineering is responsible for building our customer facing products, we are in charge of 10+ mission critical applications which handles millions customer transactions every day, from customer open our home page, until customer finishes her extraordinary shopping experience with an order, we are taking care every single part of this journey.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop manual and program automated test software using diverse tools and source documentation.
Participate in product design reviews and modify requirements.
Document, track, and resolve software bugs or defects with help from the programming team.
Design benchmarks, test cases, and testing framework.
Interact with software engineers and product owners to develop a strong understanding of the project and testing objectives
Deploy and maintain automated test environments
Document, track and escalate issues as appropriate
Basic Qualifications:
Experience in software testing methodologies, test development and test planning
Proficient in testing process, have experience in test automation development
Proficient with automated testing tools (Selenium, LoadRunner, JMeter, etc.)
Proven ability to manage and prioritize multiple, diverse projects simultaneously
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, Korean is mandatory
Must be flexible, independent and self-motivated
Good command of written & spoken English, Korean is a preferred option
Education
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology or related field

keypoint: test development，Proficient with automated testing tools，manage and prioritize multiple, diverse projects simultaneously，Good command of written & spoken English



解锁更多详情/职位请联系

微信：Cathy-LYY

简历请投：cathy.liu@gitalent.cn
