
信息安全负责人

工作职责：

1、制定全公司下的信息安全管理计划，完善整体防护体系；

2、负责制定和推动落实公司系统、网络、应用等方面的安全策略、规范、标准和流程；

3、负责系统安全、应用安全、办公网安全、数据安全、等保合规相关的规划、设计及实施工作；

4、持续关注最新的安全事件，及时采取相关措施；

5、定期进行业务和系统安全评估、审计、培训等工作；

6、负责指导公司安全事件的应急响应工作。

任职要求：

1、五年以上安全工作经验，熟悉常见系统、网络、应用攻击技术、防御方法；

2、具有大型互联网企业系统、网络、应用领域的安全评估、加固等项目实施和管理经验；

3、能够独立完成各种系统（主机、网络、数据库等系统）的安全评估和加固；

4、精通多项安全技术、安全领域专业知识覆盖面广；

5、具有较强的跨部门沟通、协调和推动能力，善于寻求安全和业务需求的平衡；

6、具有高度的责任心，较强的抗压能力以及良好的职业道德；

7、具有较强的学习能力，良好的沟通能力以及团队合作精神。





平台安全总监

Duties

This is a senior role, part of the IoT platform product team, to lead the IoT security framework and implementation. The duties of this role include but not limited to the following:

Design, build and implement platform-class security systems for a large online systems

Align standards, frameworks and security with overall business and technology strategy

Identify and communicate current and emerging security threats

Design security architecture elements to mitigate threats as they emerge

Create solutions that balance business requirements with information and cyber security requirements

Identify security design gaps in existing and proposed architectures and recommend changes or enhancements

Use current programming language and technologies to writes code, complete programming and performs testing and debugging of applications

Train users in implementation or conversion of systems

Requirements & Qualifications

Education

M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science / Computer Engineering or equivalent.

Eight or more years’ experience in:

Security architecture for large scale system, demonstrating solutions delivery, principles and emerging technologies - Designing and implementing security solutions. This includes continuous monitoring and making improvements to those solutions, working with an information security team.

Consulting and engineering in the development and design of security best practices and implementation of solid security principles across the organization, to meet business goals along with customer and regulatory requirements.

Security considerations of cloud computing: They include data breaches, broken authentication, hacking, account hijacking, malicious insiders, third parties, APTs, data loss and DoS attacks.

Identity and access management (IAM) – the framework of security policies and technologies that limit and track the access of those in an organization to sensitive technology resources.

Experience with and knowledge of:

C/C++, Java, Python, API/web services, scripting languages and a relational database management system (RDBMS) such as MySQL or Oracle. These are some of the technical elements needed to build security into an organization.






资深安全研发工程师

职位描述：

1、负责字节跳动海内外业务线（包括头条、抖音、火山、TikTok等）安全系统及产品的设计与开发；

2、完善平台内自动化工具的安全能力；

3、负责头条、抖音、火山、TikTok等产品的通用安全模块、组件的设计和开发。

职位要求：

1、本科及以上学历

2、熟练掌握Linux/Mac/Windows平台的各种开发技能；

3、精通一种或几种以下语言，Python / Go / Java / C++ 等等 ；

4、熟悉常用算法和数据结构，熟悉网络编程、多线程编程技术 ；

5、善于学习和运用新知识，具有良好的分析和解决问题能力；

6、具有良好的团队合作精神和积极主动的沟通意识。

加分项：

1、有安全产品开发背景优先；

2、比较了解安全开发、安全测试、漏洞检测等安全知识。





微信：Cathy-LYY

简历请投：cathy.liu@gitalent.cn
